docs: Adding metadata fileIdAttributes (#243)
cozy/cozy-doctypes: docs/io.cozy.files_metadata.md

- `contentAuthor` : {string} the author of the document, e.g. `impots.gouv`,
  `amazon.com`, etc.
- `datetime` : {date} Equals to the date attribute specified by `datetimeLabel`.

> - `fileIdAttributes` : {string} String used to deduplicate files imported by a konnector, constructed from the array of attributes given by the developer alterning value of listed attributes and `####`, eg `myfile.pdf####/mypath/####mycontractid`.

Reviewer: Ok, sounds good, small suggestion change, which is a actually a rewording:

```suggestion
- `fileIdAttributes` : {string} Used to deduplicate files imported by a konnector. This is a concatenation of a set of attributes, separated by  `####`. For example: `myfile.pdf####/mypath/####mycontractid`.
```
